COURSE PROFILE:
Each student must verbally and visually present the results of their work during an expo event – open to other students and academics, and possibly industry and the public.
Where tangible working hardware or software has been produced, it should be demonstrated with focus on its enginering merits. All students will be required to produce a poster documenting their work to support their presentation, and a project abstract for prior publicity
The poster should clearly identify the project title, goals, some relevant background information, and outcomes. The abstract should clearly state the project aims and goals, methods used and the project outcomes.
Student must also present a copy of their abstract and a printed poster at this demonstration.

COURSE WEBSITE:
Name: Demonstration
Due Date:   20 - 24 Oct. 2014
Weight: 25%
Task Description:
Each student must verbally and visually present the results of their work at a time negotiated with their supervisor and examiner. Where tangible working hardware or software has been produced, it should be demonstrated.

All students will be required to prepare and present a poster documenting their work to support their demonstration. A project abstract is also required for prior publicity.

Criteria & Marking: The Demo will be marked by your examiner. Marking sheet for demonstration / poster - is available here http://www.itee.uq.edu.au/thesis-undergraduate-assessment.
A number of room bookings will be made on the St. Lucia campus for the oral presentations. In consultation with their supervisor and examiner, students must select one of these timeslots in order to gain credit for their presentation, unless prior permission for alternative arrangements has been granted by the course coordinator.
Poster template : The poster should be created on the poster template given (attached below). More info is found on the template itself. The poster is to be printed in colour on A3 paper (print using the "size to fit" option) .
Poster printing : Students will need to organise the printing of their poster prior to their demonstration. Colour A3 printing is available via POD or the UQ Union Print Shop.